Original Realm: Ahura Mazdah 
Age: ?? (looks 56)
Race: Aasimar
School: Formerly Silverquill
Class: Cleric - Order
OA: No
Personality: Orderly, Sophisticated, Conniving
Likes: Classical Music, Peace, discussing historical events, 
Dislikes: Uncontrolled Chaos, 
Status: Alive

- He grew up in a war torn plane in a land known as Enalios. He grew up in a temple to the goddess of his lands, Niobie, not knowing his birth parents, and he formally studied under the temple attendants to become a healer and a cleric for his faith. He was a shy, but charming young man, but he never felt any close relationship to anyone. When he was of age as a teen, he volunteered to help help heal the wounded who fought in this "war" their people have been fighting for 500+ years
- Strangely enough, he never saw his platoon leave the seas around Enalios, but he saw many try to invade his lands. He would see come and go from his platoon of ships, succumbing to the countless wounds they would obtain in battle, and friends he would meet that would eventually be assigned to travel out of Enalios would never come back. 
- Distraught and sick of seeing the constant death around him, he at first tried to switch his profession to be one of subterfuge and trickery; becoming an informant and spy who would get information from touring foreigners who would visit the outer islands of the archipelagos by using his guise as a doctor and healer. 
- However, even his work as an infomant felt empty to him, so he decided to "follow" an old myth he had heard from all who had lived in Enalios: if you travel into the giant whirlpool in the middle of the Enalios archipelago and survive, you may get your wish granted by Niobe herself.
	- He was on a suicide mission because he was tired of the war and chaos he had to live through every day. Even though he has heard many rumors of weird occurrences happening around the whirlpool and of people who have "claimed" to have survived the whirlpool trip going insane, he thought insanity or death would be better than living the life he currently lived
- He sets off on his trip, only to miraculously live the journey into the whirlpool and travel into the secret lands of Antigonos, where the goddess Niobe resides. However, Niobie tells Euros of how Ahrua Mhazda, the people of Enalios, including him, are people who are subconsciously made from her dreams of the people who had used to live in Enalios long ago, and because she is only a Goddess of Dreams and nothing else, they are not actually real people. When they die, there is no afterlife, only nothingness, and their lives and roles in this world were predestined from Niobe herself. The Enaliosi who leave the archipelagos to fight in the war slowly disappear if they leave for too long.  
- Euros, seeing no reason for him to stay in a plane where he will waste away to nothingness, wished to Niobe to start a new in another world as a new person with a soul, away from all the bloodshed and lies he has lived. Niobie, feeling bad for her subject, attempts to grant Euros his wish, and kills and attempts to reincarnate him by sending his memories and the "dream" of him out of this plane along with a part of herself. Only knowing of a handful of planes outside Ahura Mhazda, Niobie sends her new creation to the plane of Arcavios. 
	- This opens up the possibility for there being a few people who have escaped the plane of Ahrua Mhazda, which is typically very closed off, but no one else would be Enaliosi except for him, and how he got out of his country would be a closely guarded secret to Euros
- Euros wakes up on Arcavios in a new body, touched by the blessings of a "mysterious" celestial (Niobie but no one really knows who that is on Arcavios) as an Aasimaric being. Seeing his wish be granted by Niobie, he strived to make the most of his time on this new, relatively peaceful realm
- He had heard of a magic academy that was very famous on this plane known as Strixhaven, and he had set his sights on this university to learn what this new world had to offer to him, and to see how he could shape his abilities to give back to this world he would be inhabiting
- He attends Strixhaven university at the ripe age of 30, 